O
it is practically impossible
is that it in part of a concept
that party preservation of forest similar situation
and noting this situation we will still be
and this information will
the 15 years of
passing through
without sugar in perception
and the object itself at its end
will fly in us who teaches us in this process then all concepts
that appears here
aesthetics the construction
of the circus
displacement of the object in question
basically
listening observation
I read a lot
delivery and opening for
What you feel I draw I let you leave this month
logically this is very difficult to talk about scorsese field
basically I can talk about work
each
/P